New term entries for Python: Dates (#704)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/dates/terms/date/date.md

---
Title: '.date()'
Description: 'Returns a date in the year-month-day format.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.date()` method returns a date in the year-month-day format.

Reviewer: Should be clear that it's returning a `date` object type. And list the object properties.

---
Title: 'datetime.date()'
Description: 'Returns a date object in the year-month-day format.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The `datetime.date()` method returns a date object in the year-month-day format.

## Syntax

```pseudo
datetime.date(YYYY, MM, DD)
```

All parameters passed to the `datetime.date()` method in the snippet above are required and must be passed in order. Otherwise, a `TypeError` is thrown.

| Parameter | Description                                   |                    Range                     |
| :-------: | --------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------: |

> |  `YYYY`   | The year expressed in four digits.            |                   1 - 9999                   |
> |   `MM`    | The month expressed in two digits.            |                    1 - 12                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  `YYYY`   | The year expressed in four digits.            |                   0001 - 9999                   |
|   `MM`    | The month expressed in two digits.            |                    01 - 12                    |
```

Reviewer 2: Did we also want leading zeros? May be useful to add these for the other table on lines 27-29

Author: It turns out this doesn't actually affect the output! You could use leading zeroes or `date()` will automatically fill them in for you:
<img width="653" alt="Screen Shot 2022-05-27 at 3 25 52 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23144845/170777593-3d2d5bb3-2eed-4446-ad54-e51a3ad1e894.png">

Reviewer 2: Nice! I'll go ahead and resolve this
